1. Each user is identified by his/her user_id. Their full name, email, password and address must be recorded.
2. Users ISA relationship satisfies overlap and covering constraints (a user cannot be anything other than Caretaker, Pet Owner or PCS Admin
   but user can be both a pet owner and a caretaker)
3. Each Caretaker must have employment type (either full or part-timer), average rating and number of reviews.
4. Each Caretaker is managed by exactly one PCS Admin.
5. Each PCS Admin must manage at least one Caretaker.  

6. Each Pet is owned by exactly one PetOwner but each PetOwner can own any number of pets.
7. Each Pet is identified using pet_id and their name, type, gender and special requirements of the pet must be recorded.
8. If a PetOwner is deleted, all records of his/her Pets will be deleted. The pet_id of a Pet can uniquely identify its PetOwner. 
9. A Pet can have a breed but it must be one of the breeds that is listed in the Breeds entity.

10. The Enquiries entity contains any questions or help messages that any Pet Owner or Caretaker can send, a user can send any number of these Enquiries
11. Each Enquiry is identified by its e_id. Their type (Getting Started, Account and Profile, Finding Sitter, Bookings, Payments, Safety), 
    message of concern and date must be recorded.
12. Each Enquiry will be answered by one of the PCS Admins
13. A PCS Admin can answer any number of enquiries

14. A Pet Owner linked to his/her Pet in the aggregate of Owns and a Caretaker linked to the service that he/she is offering will participate in a transaction
    when a deal has been finalised
15. Each transaction detail will link to exactly one transaction.
16. Each transaction detail will be identified using its tx_id. The review, rating, payment mode (pre-registered credit card or cash), 
    cost, mode of transfer (pet owner deliver, caretaker pick up or via physical building of PCS) and duration of the transaction must be recorded.
17. A Caretaker that is also a PetOwner in the system cannot participate in a transaction (e.g you cannot take care of your own pet if you are both a caretaker
and a petowner)

18. A Caretaker offers Services to the Pet Owners, these Services are categorised into the their types (dog caretaking, cat caretaking .etc)
19. Each Service can only be identified with the Caretaker's user_id
20. The type attribute of Service cannot uniquely identify its offer. If an Offer is deleted, all records of Service will be deleted.

